I'll put the stars down first
Then I'll go cook first and make you something delicious
What is Xiao Zhang drawing?
What are you drawing hahahahahahaha
The chirping of cicadas is like the twilight of Mercury in exchange for the sky
Let it disappear during the rainy season
10,000 people are not crowded
Like a super lift hand on a shelf you just
Stand here.
Mom, let me serve the bowl.
Zhao Zhao, let me come
Can you go and wake up your sister for dinner?
Guaranteed to complete the task
Sister Xingxing gets up to eat
Today, Mommy made braised pork ribs, which are very fragrant.
Ah!
What's wrong with my sister?
I am brother
What's wrong, I don't know.
He just called Sister Xingxing to dinner, and that's it.
Star autism attack ah ah ah ah
It must be the bad guy Ugly Xiaolong.
Let my sister be irritated
Sister is not afraid
Brother protects you
Hey, if you can't, hurry up and send it to the hospital.
Hey, why don't I come?
Stars, stars come
I'll take you to the hospital, okay?
Sir, autism attacks reject any
Now I can enter the hospital
I'll take you to the hospital, okay?
Let's go
The medicine has been prescribed.
As for the children you mentioned, they don't reject their mothers.
This situation is possible
After all, blood is connected
During the onset of autism
Children can also feel the breath of their mother
During this time, the mother can spend more time with the child
Helps patients recover
Bloodline